Quinton...
Trey...
They gave everything
for me.
(screaming)
Yuma, what is that?
I don't know!
(screaming)
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our
time we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my
fears are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
Yuma, Tori!
(Yuma) Where are we?
I lack sufficient data
to answer.
It's Alito!
So you thought you could run
away from me, did you?
We still have a score
to settle, you little chicken!
I'm not a chicken, but I'm not
gonna fight with you, Alito!
Not even to get back at me
for what I did
to your friend Nistro?
I guess that big oaf never knew
what a coward you are, Yuma.
Don't you
talk about my friend Nistro.
So then I guess you
don't want me to tell you
what a lame and pathetic
duelist he was?
Alito, why are you acting
this way?
What happened to you?
Nothing's happened, Yuma.
Maybe you're only seeing
the real me for the first time!
Perhaps but unlikely.
You were once like Nistro.
Children looked up to you.
They wanted to be like
you like a hero.
Don't pretend to me know me,
because you don't!
Yes, I do.
He must be referring
to the legend
(screaming)
(cheering)
(Astral)
Alito, you once made
a big difference
in the lives of many children.
You brought them smiles
and inspired them
with your great courage.
I do not think they
would approve
of your current actions.
You were their hero, Alito.
Just as Nistro had been.
The kids.
My life touched their lives.
Do not let them fool you.
Your past life had no
great purpose!
It brought you only
disappointment and sorrow!
I remember now!
I was tricked and lied to.
Just like you're trying
to do now.
But it won't work!
You're not going to save
yourself!
Time to duel, Yuma.
No way, Alito!
I told you before I'm not
dueling with you!
Coward.
Maybe this will change
your mind.
(screaming)
Tori!
Yuma!
Well?
If you want to save her,
you have to duel me.
Alito, isn't there
any goodness left in you?
We have no choice.
Rescuing Tori is our
top priority.
Yuma!
All right.
(yelling)
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
Let's duel!
All right, I go first.
I draw!
I summon Gagaga Magician!
Now I summon this little fella!
I can do that when there's
a Gagaga monster on my field.
And when summoned, it becomes
the same level
as Gagaga Magician.
Gaga!
And now, I overlay my
Level 4 Gagagas
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
Now I play
a facedown and end my turn!
It's your move, Alito
Same old Utopia!
It hasn't changed
But I have.
I'm very different!
I feel something weird.
Yuma, you can sense it as well?
Yeah.
It's like he's possessed by
some kind of evil spirit.
Quite so.
Prepare yourself, Yuma!
I call upon the dark
powers of my Barian ancestry!
Soon the power coursing
through my hand
will knock you off your feet!
I draw!
And the card
I got will crush you!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
The Seventh One!
Oh, no...
Not that card!
Oh yes, Astral!
This is the card that puts
the combined power
of the seven Barian
emperors at my command
and allows me to call
forth my Number!
(laughing)
I summon Number 105:
Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus!
Astral, I've got an incredibly
bad feeling about this!
Your bad feeling
will soon get much worse!
Rank Up Magic The Seventh One
ranks up Star Cestus
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 105:
Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus!
We must be on guard.
I sense a great evil.
(laughing)
I know who that is.
It is all becoming clear now
What is it Astral?
As Barian World fuses
with your own,
new details
are being revealed to me.
The Barian Numbers
were created by Don Thousand.
And he is the one controlling
Alito!
Don Thousand?
I know you are here!
Show yourself, Don Thousand!
Huh?
Whoa, what's happening?
(Don Thousand laughing)
Finally.
It has been a long
time, Astral.
And you must be Yuma Tsukumo.
So you're the one
behind all of this?
That means you're the reason
Alito's acting weird!
Very good.
I should
reward your cleverness,
but I am afraid all I have
to offer you
is misery and defeat!
Yeah, then bring it on!
So you're the one
behind all of this?
That means you're the reason
Alito's acting weird!
Very good.
I should
reward your cleverness,
but I am afraid all I have
to offer you
is misery and defeat!
Bring it on!
If you want to battle anyone,
it should be Astral!
It was his world that
caused all this fighting!
Astral World created
Barian World
when it exiled countless souls
to rid their world of all chaos!
But we had reason to!
We hoped without chaos our world
would be pure order!
You and the people
of your world are fools!
Order and chaos, like day
and night, are inseparable!
And attempting to split the two
has set in motion
the destruction
of Astral World!
Your people seem quite
fond of working
to hasten their own demise!
Especially you, Astral!
What?
Yes!
You and your friend Yuma
released
the seven Mytherian Numbers.
By doing so you broke their
seal over my powers.
I should thank you.
Your actions let me grow
infinitely more powerful!
We helped you?
No, you're lying!
Why would we
ever do anything for you?
Because you are
both shortsighted fools!
Fools soon to fall prey
to my vast powers,
just as my servant Alito has.
I activate Comet Cestus'
special ability!
Once per turn, I can
use one Chaos Overlay Unit
to destroy a monster
and inflict damage equal
to its attack points!
Good riddance, Utopia!
Utopia has 2,500 attack points,
so your life points are gonna
take a pummeling!
No, Yuma... Astral!
I'm not through.
Comet Cestus can still attack!
And it'll knockout
the rest of your life points!
Celestial Burst!
Alito, this battle's not over
by a long shot!
I summon Gagaga Gardna!
When we are attacked directly,
we can summon Gagaga Gardna
to defend ourselves.
Yes, but your defense will
soon meet its demise!
And your end is not far behind.
You see when I destroy
your monster,
you take damage
equal to its attack points!
Goodbye, Yuma!
Hold up!
I activate Gagaga Gardna's
special ability!
By sending one card in
my hand to the graveyard,
Gagaga Gardna isn't destroyed!
(screaming)
No!
Oh, no!
Yuma only has 200 life points!
That was a lucky break
Your last one!
Yuma
Hey, are you okay, Astral?
Yes, though I did not anticipate
the ferocity of his attack.
I know.
When you duel with Alito,
you gotta be ready for just
about anything.
Yuma, are you enjoying this?
Well, no, I wouldn't put
it that way.
Thing is...
I sorta had a thought.
See, Don Thousand's
controlling Alito now,
but something's telling me
that beating Alito
will break
Don Thousand's hold over him.
That is a very interesting
theory.
Now what
makes you say that, Yuma?
Call it a hunch.
It's a chance, but it's one
we've gotta take.
Observation #23.
The human "hunch" is peculiar.
Though it holds no basis
in fact,
human belief
in it can drive them
to turn their "hunch"
into reality.
I hope this
is one of those times.
I've got to win this duel...
for everyone that
fought so hard
and put every ounce
of themselves on the line
to get me to this point.
All of them, like Nistro.
Nistro.
Nistro?
That's it!
I think I've figured out a way
to get through to Alito!
When Dextra and I
dueled Nistro at Spartan City,
Dextra fought her heart out
and that did the trick to make
Nistro come to his senses.
And that's just
what we've got to do.
We've gotta dig into the bottom
of our hearts
and give it our all!
All right Alito...
I draw!
I'm summoning Tasuke Knight!
I overlay Level 4 Gagaga Gardna
and Tasuke Knight!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Heroic Champion
Excalibur!
This means
it's lights out for you!
Alito, we've battled each other
before as friends.
You may not remember it
yet, but we're still friends!
You're my enemy.
Get set to get decked!
Excalibur, attack Comet Cestus!
I'm activating
Excalibur's special ability!
By using all its Overlay Units,
its attack
points double in battle!
4,000 attack points!
Double Shock Sword Slash!
Well, Alito?
Did that knock
some sense back into ya?
(laughing)
Sorry to burst your bubble
But by summoning
Battlin' Boxer Veil,
I take no damage from
your attack!
And don't forget, only
a Number can destroy a Number.
So my Battlin' Boxer
Comet Cestus
will be sticking around
for another round, Yuma!
What it all means is that
your big attack
was totally pointless.
It's gonna take a lot more
than I thought
to get through to Alito.
Okay, Alito
I'll get ya next time!
Too bad, Yuma.
There won't be a next time.
Astral I really hope
he's wrong about that
Yes, I believe he is.
When Excalibur
used its Overlay Units,
Tasuke Knight was sent
to the graveyard.
When we have
no cards in our hand,
its special ability allows us to
summon it and end a battle.
As long as we have
Tasuke Knight, we can survive.
Let's finish this.
I summon Battlin' Boxer
Headgeared!
(Don Thousand laughing)
Don Thousand!
I overlay Level 4 Battlin' Boxer
Veil and Headgeared!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 80:
Rhapsody in Berserk!
Very unusual.
That Number doesn't have
any attack points!
Why would Alito wanna
use a Number like that?
Oh no!
Rhapsody in Berserk has
a special ability
that'll win me this match!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can choose either spell,
trap or monster cards,
and all cards of that
that type are banished
from your graveyard.
I think I'll pick...
monster cards!
So you'll never get a chance
to protect yourself
with Tasuke Knight!
He guessed our plan.
Not only can you no longer
protect yourself,
things are gonna get even worse
when I activate Rhapsody
in Berserk's
additional special ability!
I equip it on to Battlin' Boxer
Comet Cestus
and give it 1,200
more attack points!
His Number!
Yuma be careful.
I sense Don Thousand's power!
You mean...
you mean Don Thousand's
powering up Comet Cestus?
Correct!
And in moments you
will both snap
under the full weight
of my colossal might!
Comet Cestus, attack Excalibur!
Yuma!
You're through!
Oh, no, you don't!
I activate the trap XYZ Pieces!
When my Xyz Monster's attacked,
this card totally blocks it!
My Comet Cestus' attack!
Now by tributing my Heroic
Champion Excalibur,
I can summon two
Level 1 monsters
from my deck to the field
and all I have to do is negate
their special abilities.
Come on out,
Darklon and Kurivolt!
You don't know
when to give up, Yuma.
But you soon will I promise!
We cannot break Don Thousand's
control over Alito.
I'm not so sure.
We can't give up, Astral.
We've just gotta prove that
the power of our friendship
is stronger
than Don Thousand's power.
Yuma, how are you planning to
accomplish that endeavor?
Simple.
I'm gonna play a blast
from the past!
Our Lionheart!
Lionheart?
We should not use that Number.
It would be extremely
dangerous for us.
I know it is, Astral
But it used to be Alito's card,
so maybe using
it will jog his memories.
Of course.
Lionheart used
to be Alito's Number
before Don Thousand gave him
Comet Cestus.
Those two Numbers
are opposites of one another.
I know... I understand now.
Yuma, I have it.
I know a way to free Alito.
What?
♪♪